> Movement of individuals between populations or demes is often restricted, especiallybetween geographically isolated populations. The structured coalescent provides an ele-gant theoretical framework for describing how movement between populations shapes thegenealogical history of sampled individuals and thereby structures genetic variation withinand between populations. However, in the presence of recombination an individual mayinherit different regions of their genome from different parents, resulting in a mosaic of gene-alogical histories across the genome, which can be represented by an Ancestral Recombi-nation Graph (ARG). In this case, different genomic regions may have different ancestralhistories and so different histories of movement between populations. Recombination there-fore poses an additional challenge to phylogeographic methods that aim to reconstruct themovement of individuals from genealogies, although also a potential benefit in that differentloci may contain additional information about movement. Here, we introduce the StructuredCoalescent with Ancestral Recombination (SCAR) model, which builds on recent approxi-mations to the structured coalescent by incorporating recombination into the ancestry ofsampled individuals. The SCAR model allows us to infer how the migration history of sam-pled individuals varies across the genome from ARGs, and improves estimation of key pop-ulation genetic parameters such as population sizes, recombination rates and migrationrates. Using the SCAR model, we explore the potential and limitations of phylogeographicinference using full ARGs. We then apply the SCAR to lineages of the recombining fungusAspergillus flavus sampled across the United States to explore patterns of recombinationand migration across the genome.